>> Brian Holt: Welcome to
the Intermediate React V2.
I'm really excited to be here
talking to you about React again.
And today we're gonna be talking
about the extended React ecosystem.
>> Brian Holt: React in and
of itself is not typically the only
tool that you use to build a project.
You're gonna bring in things like
Emotion to do CSS, you're gonna do Node
server-side rendering, you're gonna do
code splitting, and all that kinda stuff.
And so that's what intermediate
React aims to teach you,
is these kind of extended
ecosystem type of things.
So the first thing I want you to
do is go to bit.ly, B-I-T-L-Y.
Bit.ly, rather, /react-v5.
And that should take you
to this website here.
You can also just go to this link
up there as well, those both work.
These are my course notes, right?
So you see that I have a Surface here.
Literally what I have on what you see in
front of you is what I have here as well.
So If you get lost or anything like that,
you can feel free to just jump into my
notes and take a look at that as well.
So, the thing to note about this website
is both the complete the intro to React,
the intro part is in here,
and the intermediate part is.
So, the introduction part
is 1 through 15 here.
So everything after conclusion is
the intermediate part of this course.
The thing to know about this is that
we're still gonna use the same project
from the first version of this course,
and we're just going to augment that.
Now, you don't have to have
taken the introduction,
it's helpful if you have, but you don't
have to have taken the introduction
to do this part of the course.
The other thing to note,
as opposed to the introduction,
is each one of these is a branch, right?
So each one of these is totally siloed.
So if you wanna skip Emotion and
go straight to Code Splitting, you can.
So each one of these is
totally in a different silo.
As by way of introduction,
you can read everything that I have here.
But just to say who I am,
my name's Brian Holt.
I work at Microsoft.
I used to be a cloud advocate, and
now I'm a senior program manager
on Node.js on Azure,
as well as on Visual Studio Code.
I live in Seattle with my wife and my dog.
And I sometimes talk out
in front in happy hour.
I am a board member for
Vet Who Code as well as a co-founder
of the African conference, Concatenate.
Feel free to catch up with me on social
media here, I have all my links as well.
And I'm stoked as always to be here at
Frontend Masters teaching the stuff
that I love to teach.
And I'm really, really happy that they
encouraged me to open source my materials
so that you can share these with
your coworkers, and with anyone.
As always, it's really helpful for
me if you star the repo on GitHub so
that other people can find this as well.
Cool.
So inside of this introduction here,
underneath where it says long
series of numbers and letters.
If you click on the repo is here,
this'll take you to the GitHub repo for
this course.
So what you see here in
the masterbranch is the finished
a Complete Intro to React project, okay?
So this is the state that it's in after
you do the Complete Intro to React.
What we're going to do for every single
section of this particular course is we're
gonna go back to the master branch, and
then we're going to start again, right?
So as soon as we finish Emotion, we're
going to go back to the master branch, and
then we're gonna start on server side
rendering or something like that.
So as soon as you're done with any
section, just clear all your dependencies,
remove your node modules, run npm install.
And I'll remind you of these
things as we're going along.
Or you can just clone a new
version of the repo or
you can open a new branch,
those are all fine things to do.
But if you want to see,
I have all of the complete work up here.
If you click on this,
you can see that there's code splitting.
There's Emotion.
These two are for the GitHub Pages,
which is the course website.
And then there's Redux, SSR,
testing, and TypeScript.
Those are all here as well.
But again, for each new section,
you just go back to a clean master branch.
You might consider using
something like Sourcetree,
which you can get at sourcetreeapp.com.
And this will help you if you're
not super familiar with git.
You can also use GitHub Desktop.
I just use the command line.
So feel free to use
whatever suits you best.
But I would suggest you take
's course called Git in Depth.
Git is definitely a tool
that's worth knowing.